fora tv' the world is thinking it's
easier for me to just say what happened
to me I'm finally so I flirted from 8 to
12 to 8 to 21 and finally I made this
commitment and I said I'm that's no more
I'm gonna be a vegan and and right away
what happened to me the first thing that
happened was I felt like this huge
weight lifted off of me like an
energetic weight and I don't know how to
explain it other than to say that I was
walking around lighter like just felt
lighter in my body and that was amazing
and then people started to say to me
what's going on with you you look your
skin's glowing and you look so bright
like what's happening and I was losing
weight and I was thinking what's going
on here and then I started to notice
that my nails were getting really strong
and I used to have the like I could bend
my nails I cannot bend my nails no
matter how hard I try now and all those
white marks that some people call
calcium marks other people call them
sugar marks but whatever it is they're
gone I don't have them anymore so um
that was pretty amazing and I just had
more energy and when everyone I would be
on the set working with was dropping
like flies getting sick I wasn't getting
sick and so anywho then I owe and then
my allergist I had asthma and I had what
do you call it
allergy shots twice a week for a very
long time probably from age 13 to about
21 and suddenly my allergists wrote me a
letter an email and said I haven't seen
you in a long time what's going on and I
said oh well I went vegan about a year
ago and I guess I didn't need to come
anymore and just sort of forgot and he
was like you know I hear that a lot and
I thought how weird you hear that a lot
but you didn't tell me that
like what's going on here and that
happened to my cousin - he had a open
heart something or another horrible at a
young age and he went and I sent him a
basket of vegetables and a bunch of
instead of flowers and a bunch of
because he's a hardcore meat-eater and I
sent him all this information on heart
disease and how you can help yourself
and he brought it to his doctor and he
said my crazy cousin says that if I do
this it's good I don't have to be all
these medications and the doctor says
she's right and he goes with him why
didn't you tell me and he goes well
would you do it and he was like no no
and so it's like this crazy thing that
we all know that this really is the
answer but we're all just sort of slowly
not doing it and there are a lot of
people that are so calling dr. Colin
Campbell dr. Dean Ornish dr. John
McDougall there's dr. Colin Caldwell
Esselstyn a very famous heart surgeon
all these people are carrying cancer
carrying heart disease carrying diabetes
daily and these so this is not like some
crazy idea that I had and I'm just sort
of like whew you know and there's hard
science and medical research behind all
of this and Einstein even thought it was
a good idea and and anyway I list in the
book all kinds of amazing thinkers and
people that might inspire you that you
would go wow that's such a beautiful
quote I didn't know that that person
said that or the fact that Bruce Lee was
a vegetarian and he was an incredible
athlete and that you look at this Robert
Cheeke this Robert Cheeke here tonight
no okay
but Robert Cheeke is this bodybuilder
and he's in the book I call one of my
superheroes but I mean this man is
rocked from head-to-toe and he you know
he's purely plant-based diets so what I
found on my journey was as I was getting
so much healthier I was wondering why I
didn't know about this like why didn't
why is this happening to me because is
this just good karma you know why am I
feeling so amazing and then I started to
do all this research and realize that
this is a way people are living because
they want there's a lot of athletes who
do this just purely don't care about the
animals they don't care about the planet
they're doing it for better performance
you